docs: last major portion of guide updates (#170)
apify/apify-ts: docs/guides/docker_images.mdx

FROM apify/actor-node-playwright-firefox:16
```

### actor-node-playwright-webkit

Same idea as [`actor-node-playwright-chrome`](#actor-node-playwright-chrome), but with WebKit
pre-installed.

```dockerfile
FROM apify/actor-node-playwright-webkit:16
```

## Example Dockerfile

> To use the above images, it's necessary to have a [`Dockerfile`](https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/builder/). We can either use this example, or bootstrap our projects with the [Apify CLI](./getting_started.mdx#creating-a-new-project) which automatically copies the correct Dockerfile into our project folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use the above images, it's necessary to have a [`Dockerfile`](https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/builder/). We can either use this example, or bootstrap our projects with the [Crawlee CLI](./getting_started.mdx#creating-a-new-project) which automatically adds the correct Dockerfile into our project folder.
```
